Improve SEO metadata across all docs pages (#397)
powersync-ja/powersync-docs: client-sdks/reference/javascript-web.mdx

---
title: "JavaScript Web SDK"

> description: "Complete setup and usage guide for the PowerSync JavaScript Web SDK, covering installation, schema definition, web workers, and sync setup."

Reviewer: ```suggestion
description: "Setup and usage guide for the PowerSync JavaScript Web SDK, covering installation, schema definition, database connection, and sync setup."
```
